## Shelves ### Questions:  * Will the users need to sign in to view their shelf? 	 	 * Yes, in order to view their podcasts the user must log in.  * Will we allow users to view other users shelves? 	 	 * Yes, you can view other user's shelves to discover new podcasts ### Acceptance Criteria: * Given that I am a Logged in user I want to interact with shelves 	* As a logged-in user I want to be able to view all the podcasts I have, sorted by genre so that I can click on the podcasts to be redirected to that podcast's (podcasts/:id) page 	* As a User I want to be able to click on every podcast on my shelf to be redirected to the podcast page so that I can Review that podcast, favorite or change that podcast's reviews 	* As a User I want to be able to view all the podcasts that I have reviewed so that I can can edit or review them 	* As a User I want to be able to View all the podcasts that I have added a status onto  so that I can Change that podcasts status ## Status ### Questions:  * Question about the next feature? 	 	 * Answer about the next feature. ### Acceptance Criteria: * Given that I am a Logged in user I want to interact with status 	* As a User I want to be able to See an icon next to a podcast name that references a status so that I can review the podcasts that I favorited, go back to the ones I am interested in or add a review if I have not already 	* As a User I want to be able to See all of the podcasts with that I have given that status to so that I can look back on the podcasts that I either liked or was interested in in the past ## Genres ### Questions:  * Question about the next feature? 	 	 * Answer about the next feature. ### Acceptance Criteria: * Given that I am a Logged in user I want to interact with genres 	* As a User I want to be able to see all the podcasts in that genre so that I can Discover new podcasts by genre 	* As a User I want to be able to favorite a particular genre so that I can Check out only the genres I like ## Search ### Questions:  * Question about the next feature? 	 	 * Answer about the next feature. ### Acceptance Criteria: * Given that I am a Logged in user I want to interact with search 	* As a User I want to be able to Search podcast by name so that I can find podcasts that I have heard of 	* As a User I want to be able to search for all the podcasts of a genre so that I can Just find podcasts that I am interested in ## Tags ### Questions:  * Question about the next feature? 	 	 * Answer about the next feature. ### Acceptance Criteria: * Given that I am a Logged in user I want to interact with tags 	* As a User I want to be able to Add a tag to a podcast so that I can make the subject or interest more clear 